# Partner CasesCopy for LLMCopy page as Markdown for LLMsView as MarkdownOpen this page as MarkdownOpen in ChatGPTGet insights from ChatGPTOpen in ClaudeGet insights from ClaudeConnect to CursorInstall MCP server on CursorConnect to VS CodeInstall MCP server on VS Code

Source: https://docs.wise.com/api-reference/case

---

Partner Cases
Copy

Partner Cases are part of the Partner Support API, allowing partners to open, retrieve and respond to support and operations queries.

The endpoints described here allow partners to directly integrate their back end tooling with Wise's, allowing faster responses, better structure to data, and operational efficiencies.

The Partner Support APIs are currently in a closed Beta and subject to change. Please speak with your implementation manager if you would like to integrate with these APIs

Operations

POST
/v1/cases
GET
/v1/cases/{{case-id}}
GET
/v1/cases/{{case-id}}/comments
PUT
/v1/cases/{{case-id}}/comments
The Partner Case resource
Fields
idinteger

Partner Case ID. Generated by Wise

statusstring

Status of the case. Can include CREATING, OPEN, PENDING, SOLVED and CLOSED.

typetext

Type of the partner case. Value must be GENERAL_ENQUIRY. More case types will be added in the future.

externalIdtext

An ID provided by the external partner for partner internal tracking.

createdAtdatetime

When the partner case was originally created.

updatedAtdatetime

When the partner case was last updated.

Partner Case Object
{
  "id": 123456789,
  "status": "PENDING",
  "type": "GENERAL_ENQUIRY",
  "externalId": "partner_12344567",
  "createdAt": "2023-06-28T15:21:24.901",
  "updatedAt": "2023-06-28T15:21:24.901"
}
Case Statuses

Partner cases can move through different statuses.

CREATING→ OPEN

Cases in the creating status are those that are being created by Wise from a Partner call. Once created, cases move into the open status.

OPEN→ PENDING, SOLVED, CLOSED

Cases in the open status are those that are being actioned by Wise. Partners do not need to action these cases. Note that we may update a case in this status and not change it.

PENDING→ OPEN, SOLVED, CLOSED

Cases in the pending status are those that require additional information from the partner. You should action these cases by reviewing the newest comment and updating the case.

SOLVED→ OPEN, PENDING, CLOSED

Cases in the solved status are those that have been solved and scheduled for closure. These can be re-opened by the partner or Wise if needed before closing.

CLOSED

Cases in the closed status are those that have been solved and closed. Once closed, they cannot be reopened and a new case should be created if needed.

 Case Status Flow

Create a partner case

POST /v1/cases

Cases are used to collect or transmit additional information between Partners and Wise. Use this endpoint to create a new case.

Request
typetext

Type of the partner case. Value must be GENERAL_ENQUIRY. More case types will be added in the future.

subjecttext

The subject of the case. Do not include PII in the subject of cases.

details.transferIdlong

ID of the transfer the case relates to. Can also be null.

details.profileIdlong

ID of the profile the case relates to. Can also be null.

details.userIdlong

ID of the user the case relates to. Can not be null.

externalIdtext

An ID provided by the external partner for partner internal tracking.

descriptiontext

The description of the request. The maximum size of the description is 65,535 character. If additional characters are sent, the field will be truncated.

Response

Returns a partner case object.

Please do not include PII in the `subject` of a case. Any specific details regarding the case that need to be communicated should be included in the `description`
Example Request
curl -X POST \
  https://api.wise-sandbox.com/v1/cases \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your api token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "type": "GENERAL_ENQUIRY",
    "subject": "Inquiry about Transfer 12345",
    "details": {
      "transferId": 58114690,
      "profileId": 14556049,
      "userId": 1234
    },
    "externalId": "partner_external_id_12345",
    "description": "Initial summary of the issue"
  }'
Retrieve a partner case by ID

GET /v1/cases/{{case-id}}

This endpoint returns a partner case based on the specified case ID.

Response

Returns a partner case object.

Example Request
curl -X GET \
  https://api.wise-sandbox.com/v1/cases/{{case-id}} \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your api token>'
Retrieve partner case comments by ID

GET /v1/cases/{{case-id}}/comments

This endpoint returns a comments list object, which is an array of comments that have been associated with the case.

Response
messagetext

Message providing context for the response if the comments list is empty due to the case status being in CREATING. null if case has been created

comments[n].idlong

ID of the comment

comments[n].plainBodytext

The plain body of the comment. This can include simple markdown.

comments[n].authortext

The author of the comment. Can be either PARTNER or WISE_AGENT

comments[n].createdAtdatetime

When the comment was created. Note that comments cannot be updated.

Response

Returns a comments list object. Comments are ordered newest to oldest and are not paginated (all comments returned at once)

Example Request
curl -X GET \
  https://api.wise-sandbox.com/v1/cases/{{case-id}}/comments \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your api token>'
Example Response
{
  "message": null,
  "comments": [
    {
      "id": 16554865464081,
      "plainBody": "We have resolved the issue with this transfer.\n\nThank you!",
      "author": "WISE_AGENT",
      "createdAt": "2023-06-28T15:22:29.901"
    },
    {
      "id": 16554816313745,
      "plainBody": "Please help with this transfer.\n\nTransfer details....",
      "author": "PARTNER",
      "createdAt": "2023-06-28T15:21:26.901"
    }
  ]
}
Update a partner case

PUT /v1/cases/{{case-id}}/comments

This endpoint allows for updates to be included with a partner case. Currently, this only allows for a comment to be placed on the case.

Request
commenttext

The comment that you want to add to the case. This can include markdown. The maximum size of the comment is 65,535 character. If additional characters are sent, the field will be truncated.

Response

A 200 response is returned with no body.

Example Request
curl -X GET \
  https://api.wise-sandbox.com/v1/cases/{{case-id}}/comments \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your api token>' \
  -d '{
    "comment": "Please see the attached information as requested.\n\nTransfer Details...."
  }